It's a pity that you don't even have three points of beauty
It can only be sold on late-night shows
you
If you say one more word, I'll tell you to get out immediately.
What right do you have to let me go
Xu Shiyang
What's the noise?
It's not embarrassing enough for something so big to happen
director
I'm going to find Mr. Zhou
To get an interview
Getting caught was just an accident

The process is not important
What happened?
Did you get an interview?
It didn't work out that way.
But I got the chance to interview the grandson of the ship king
The grandson of the ship king is now
Now expanding the cruise industry abroad
He will come to "Financial News" to talk about the details
This is the planning case I did
Please take a look.
Don't care so much
Wait for Assistant Zhou Yanjing to contact me.
Try harder to capture this person
Easy to say
Aren't you going to cheat just to stay in the station?
If you don't believe me
We can make a bet.
If I could interview the king of ships, the emperor sun
You quit
If I can't
I roll
OK
We'll see.
Xu Shiyang will hand in the results in a week.
Can't do automatic resignation
Zhou Yanjing
You wouldn't lie to me.
Okay?
Smelly woman, you can hide it well
pay back
I didn't borrow the money
If you want to find it, find Xu Yaoguang
He is your brother
He owes you money and it's only natural
He's my little brother.
But that's his business.
Are you going?
Don't go, I'll call the police